# CS171 Who Benefits from Distance Learning?

This is a data visualization project that explores the topic of the rise of remote learning and is part of the final projects of Harvard's CS171 course in 2017. 


### Project Overview

Goals and Motivation: With the rise of online courses, many educational institutions have expanded or started a distance learning option. We would like to explore how distance learning has impacted institution success and resulting student outcomes.

- **Project website:** [cs171-distance-learning.herokuapp.com/](https://cs171-distance-learning.herokuapp.com/)


- **Screencast video:** [www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FikhhDc73o&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FikhhDc73o&feature=youtu.be)


### **Project Structure** 
The project is broken out by asset type, with the main `index.html` file serving as the main project index for the website. 

    .
    ├── css                   # stylesheet directory 
    │   ├── vendor            # vendor css files used to support various functionality 
    │   └── style.css         # custom css 
    ├── data                  # contains all of the cleaned data used in the website 
    ├── img                   # image folder for background images used in story transition elements 
    ├── js                    # main directory for both vendor and data visualization charts 
    │   ├── vendor            # vendor js files 
    │   └── visuals           # d3 js chart classes used in the website 
    ├── .gitignore            # used to ignore miscellaneous files generated by IDEs 
    ├── index.html            # main site html file 
    ├── composer.json         # heroku config file 
    ├── index.php             # used to allow heroku to recognize and host static site 
    └── readme.md             # used to ignore miscellaneous files generated by IDEs 


### **Navigating the Website Interface** 

In the website, there is a navigation panel at the top of the page which can be used to jump to specific sections of the site. More specifically, *About the Project* gives an overview of the storyline of the project. The following four sections correspond to four main visualization chapters which you can browse through one by one. The last section *About Us* contains more information about the project, some references and our contact information.

Each chapter starts off with some motivating texts, followed by one or two visualizations that illustrate the points made in the texts with actual data. Feel free to navigate your mouse to the different elements of our visualizations, as most of them are designed with interactivity. Don't forget to visit the *Recommendations* section to take away with some handy tips on what to do if you suspect that your online information has been breached into.






